---
layout: post
title: "Certified Information Privacy Manager – CIPM"
author: audhi
categories: [ press release ]
tags: [article]
image: assets/images/34-0.jpg
---

INDONESIA – 2022/07/01 – Audhi Aprilliant, has earned the ANSI-accredited designation of Certified Information Privacy Manager (CIPM) through the International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP).

Privacy professionals are the arbiters of trust in today’s data-driven global economy. They help organizations manage rapidly evolving privacy threats and mitigate the potential loss and misuse of information assets. The IAPP is the first organization to publicly establish standards in professional education and testing for privacy and data protection. IAPP privacy certification is internationally recognized as a reputable, independent program that professionals seek and employers demand.

The CIPM demonstrates an understanding of privacy program governance and the skills necessary to establish, maintain and manage a privacy program across all stages of its operational life cycle. It is the first and only certification in privacy program management, developed in response to overwhelming demand to collect and collate common practices for managing privacy operations. Audhi Aprilliant joins the ranks of more than 10,000 professionals worldwide who currently hold one or more IAPP certifications.

**About the IAPP**

The International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP) is the largest and most comprehensive global information privacy community and resource. Founded in 2000, the IAPP is a not-for-profit organization that helps define, support and improve the privacy profession globally. More information about the IAPP is available at [www.iapp.org](https://www.iapp.org).
